all beaver tara and not friends with you Windows
and today I will tell about animatronics
which will be in the third part yes yes I am
I know that many of you know about it
animatronics almost everything but
I have to be sure that for
the following theories that I will
I have already come up with three stories
awesome theories that are straight boom
break you brain for these theories you
must necessarily be aware of everything
what I will tell you now
I will tell the main facts that are available
about this animatronics
It was announced in the third part and by
guaranteed i mean what scott
for the first time he mentioned and not something
it was created in the third part but about this
then he looked simultaneously similar
on golden freddie bonnie and also on shadow
Bondik because of what around him immediately
a lot has become theories but
dominant theory at the moment in
that he is a collective
way all animatronics in his example
there are parts selection there are parts at freddy
there is a golden glow from Freddy's hunger
also love foxy started people called
efflorescence
which in English sounds like
collector collect trophies
that is, the guy who absorbed everything
the best of animatronics in this
the restaurant
however due to recent hints
Scott can possibly be called
spring scar means trap or rather
the trap she's called so apparently after that
that something in his mouth is very similar to
trap however it is still difficult to say for sure
that springtrap is exactly his name they
hint that the game will be leaving you
layer and so on so i'm gonna
call him kissing but I repeat that
By this I do not deny that the present is possible.
his name is sprint us simply while in this
sure to be impossible by the way
guys and about the fact that it is assembled from
other animatronics we still about this
talk because i have for you
a little surprise on this topic then
what say many believing that shadow
water and strongman is the same
animatronics just in different segments
Time, that is, Shadow slaughter is
Jim himself in fnaf 2 and the match in
the third part of my closed we saw to
this will come back later now i
just telling the facts about him i'm nothing
do not prove also very famous
theories that the background is guy and purple
man accordingly is in this
animatronics that is after 4
nights background guy
This is a test for a purple man, too, Kohl
not the same person animatronics
put it out stubbed out possibly completely
his body in the animatronic called himself
jer pizzeria closes essence together
with her the same time passes and after that
fnaf 3 already starts that's why he
so worn but nonetheless in it
may be a soul and a matter of purple
man many more say what u
he has a brain but many also
they say it's just a tribute to what
this is a horror attraction that is a brain on
in fact he doesn’t have a bottom
as if a brain dummy to scare kids
who will come to this attraction
This is quite difficult to challenge.
because both theories are entitled to
life and both theories are basically not a
provable we do not refute it to this
moment but what exactly can not argue
he has five fingers while u
all other animatronics less
know who else has five fingers in monkeys
It means new animatronic is a toque
there are no people yet either way five
animatronic fingers can also be
hint at who he is well or whose
the soul is in it because we know that in
other animatronics are children
because they were killed but that's me
ordered also unlike other
animatronics who fly out
are jumping put in teleport
he can walk only
he can walk this foxy isn't even
want to run smart leaf also has
place theory is that in the trailer at the beginning of a
also in the trailer when appears
screamer in the office are not alone
same animatronics this is due to the fact that
they supposedly have another panache as well
I do not like each other personally
it seems that such a feeling appear
due to the fact that there is a different lighting
But ok, such a theory is a beginning.
need to say still has doubts that
new animatronic is a collector
other animatronics that is, he will
walk around the restaurant already an attraction
excuse me
and collect animatronics in this way
at first there will be one against us
animatronic then appear against us
the whole gang of other animatronics who
he will collect right on x
straight robot crazy hands some well
ok i don't know how true that is
I didn't give any hints on this cattle
I don't know where the theory came from but it
there is and should be mentioned here in
principle and all i wanted to tell you i
I have already conceived several videos at once
which will be a continuation of this topic and
will reveal his presence in
plot what trigram here and that's it
today dear friends thank you all
for watching and see you soon and I'm sure
you obaldeete of the following theories yet